# CompuTec Labels 101

Here, you can find basic, first-encounter information about the application. For more detailed information, please check the rest of the documentation.

---

## What is it?

CompuTec Labels is an application that efficiently manages printing templates and label printers in the company.

We can manage many kinds of printers simultaneously, no matter what drivers it use: Crystal, Zebra, or Bixolon. You can assign specific templates to a particular printer and define an action that starts printing, e.g., adding/ updating a document or choosing the option manually.

Using CompuTec Labels, you can print documents from SAP Business One and CompuTec applications: CompuTec ProcessForce, CompuTec WMS and CompuTec PDC. Data included on printed labels can be predefined using the settings.

## How does it work?

1. Installation and Configuration

---

2. Choose a company – all SAP Business One installation companies are available. The application settings are set up for a specific database.

3. Create a printing rule (template is assigned to it) - here, you can define in which situations it is possible to print a label. A number of settings are available.

4. Setting up trigger events – printing can be run using a proper option from a requester application (manual printing). We can also set up a trigger event, e.g., printing on a document adding or updating.

5. Mapping table – what information would we like to have on a print

---

6. Logs and Requests – you can check logs of every operation performed on the application from its level. You can also contain a list of all the requests to the application.

## Installation and Usage

Here, you can watch a video with a comprehensive description of the application's installation and options:

[Download video](./media/Ct%20Label%20training-20180516%201409-1.arf)
